docs(VPN): Establish IPsec VPN with BGP session between Scaleway and AWS using Scaleway Managed VPN (#6198)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/configure-site-to-site-vpn-aws-scw-terraform/index.mdx

---
title: Establishing a Site-to-Site VPN between Scaleway and AWS with Terraform
description: Learn how to configure a dynamic Site-to-Site VPN between Scaleway and AWS using Scaleway Managed VPN Gateway and BGP
products:
  - vpc
  - s2s-vpn
  - secret-manager
tags: vpn ipsec bgp aws hybrid-cloud
dates:
  validation: 2026-02-16
  posted: 2026-02-16
  validation_frequency: 12
difficulty: advanced
usecase:
  - hybrid-connectivity
ecosystem:
  - third-party
---
import Requirements from '@macros/iam/requirements.mdx'

This tutorial explains how to establish a dynamic Site-to-Site (S2S) VPN between Scaleway and AWS using the Scaleway Managed VPN Gateway.

The configuration uses:

- IPsec over IKEv2
- BGP for dynamic routing
- Route propagation between both environments

---
<Requirements />
  - A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - An AWS account with appropriate permissions
  - [Terraform installed](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/downloads) on your local machine

>   - [Scaleway CLI](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-cli) configured (optional, for verification)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Installed [Terraform](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/downloads) on your local machine
  - Installed and configured the [Scaleway CLI](/scaleway-cli/quickstart/) (optional, for verification)
```
